My name is Fauna, the date is March 12th 2174, ive been in this bunker for as long as I can remember. I hear creaks coming from the walls every day and night, when I was younger I thought there were monsters in the walls, but the real reason was so much worse.

During the day the adults would type and type and type away on their computers doing research on various plant life. There was only one reoccurring theme among the monitors, all of them had pictures of different types of grass. I tried asking one of them one day but they just glared at me and told me they were busy.

Every day the creaks would get louder, and more consistent. I would ask about them occasionally but I was always dismissed as a child with no intellect.

We used to have a way of creating food through a 3d printer, but eventually we ran out of filament, at first the adults panicked about how they were going to feed everyone, but on the third day of arguing, the first death occurred, after that the adults all came to a single silent conclusion. That was the first day I tasted real meat, not the bland and chewy 3d printed meat I had had my entire life.

Then I started seeing less and less adults moving around doing research, eventually it was only me and 1 other adult, who told me everything that I am about to write down here. I dont know why im writing it, but the man said it was very important to be written down.

I am the last of the humans left on earth, or so ive been told, the rest have died gruesome deaths, whether to the enormous insects that started appearing in early 2074, or to the sentient flora, that first appeared in 2060. When it first started scientist were excited for what this new subspecies of plants would mean for the human race in the coming years. They never thought the plants would take over everything. Within a decade of this discorvery, Vines climbed up large building, instead of fences covering them completely. small trees grew to the size of redwoods, big trees grew go the size of skyscrapers.

And the grass... oh god the grass... the grass was the largest offender to the human race. It grew to the size of an average person overnight and any attempt at culling it resulted in death and amputation, as the grass coiled around their hands arms legs, any appendage it could reach. The first week was the worst, the war on flora had begun. The government nuked several of their own cities just to beat back the unnatural growth. It did get rid of all of the flora in those areas, but it also left behind radiation anywhere they landed.

I just heard some smashing sound coming from an old custodial room, when I opened the door I saw what the source of the sound was. It was a window broken glass laying on the floor, but that didnt concern me. I tried to look out the window but it was completely covered with writhing vines slowly creeping into the room from outside, slowly crawling towards me. I screamed and ran out of the door and locked myself into the panic room as quickly as I could. This is where I will write down the rest of our history.

From these irradiated areas emerged enormous insects, grasshoppers the size of footballs, spiders the size of cars, and the worst of all were the mosquitoes, they grew to the size of cars the same as the spiders, but they preyed on humans constantly. They bred just as quickly as they had before if not faster. And their appetites were just as big as they were. Humans were to them, like juice boxes are to toddlers.

I can hear the vines growing outside the door now, the creaking is getting louder, i think they have surrounded my entire safe room now. All of the cameras set up throughout the rest of the bunker are all completely engulfed by vines.

This may be the last thing im able to write down before the vines break into this tiny safe haven. The last thing i will write about are the trees. The man told me that when the trees grew tall enough that they started screaming, the sound could be heard for miles and miles across the surface of the world ive never seen. He told me that their branches blacked out the sun and when a tree fell it caused earthquakes. And the sap that came from these overgrown tress was psychedelic it created a feeling of euphoria in the people who consumed them. When the leaves on the branches fell th